vhigh vhigh 2 2 low low unacc
vhigh vhigh 2 2 low med unacc
vhigh vhigh 2 2 low high unacc
vhigh vhigh 2 2 med low unacc
vhigh vhigh 2 2 med med unacc
vhigh vhigh 2 2 med high unacc
vhigh vhigh 2 2 high low unacc
vhigh vhigh 2 2 high med unacc
vhigh vhigh 2 2 high high unacc
vhigh vhigh 2 4 low low unacc
vhigh vhigh 2 4 low med unacc
vhigh vhigh 2 4 low high unacc
vhigh vhigh 2 4 med low unacc
vhigh vhigh 2 4 med med unacc
vhigh vhigh 2 4 med high unacc
vhigh vhigh 2 4 high low unacc
vhigh vhigh 2 4 high med unacc
vhigh vhigh 2 4 high high unacc
vhigh vhigh 2 5 low low unacc
vhigh vhigh 2 5 low med unacc
vhigh vhigh 2 5 low high unacc
vhigh vhigh 2 5 med low unacc
vhigh vhigh 2 5 med med unacc
vhigh vhigh 2 5 med high unacc
vhigh vhigh 2 5 high low unacc
vhigh vhigh 2 5 high med unacc
vhigh vhigh 2 5 high high unacc
vhigh vhigh 3 2 low low unacc
vhigh vhigh 3 2 low med unacc
vhigh vhigh 3 2 low high unacc
vhigh vhigh 3 2 med low unacc
vhigh vhigh 3 2 med med unacc
vhigh vhigh 3 2 med high unacc
vhigh vhigh 3 2 high low unacc
vhigh vhigh 3 2 high med unacc
vhigh vhigh 3 2 high high unacc
vhigh vhigh 3 4 low low unacc
vhigh vhigh 3 4 low med unacc
vhigh vhigh 3 4 low high unacc
vhigh vhigh 3 4 med low unacc
vhigh vhigh 3 4 med med unacc
vhigh vhigh 3 4 med high unacc
vhigh vhigh 3 4 high low unacc
vhigh vhigh 3 4 high med unacc
vhigh vhigh 3 4 high high unacc
vhigh vhigh 3 5 low low unacc
vhigh vhigh 3 5 low med unacc
vhigh vhigh 3 5 low high unacc
vhigh vhigh 3 5 med low unacc
vhigh vhigh 3 5 med med unacc
vhigh vhigh 3 5 med high unacc
vhigh vhigh 3 5 high low unacc
vhigh vhigh 3 5 high med unacc
vhigh vhigh 3 5 high high unacc
vhigh vhigh 4 2 low low unacc
vhigh vhigh 4 2 low med unacc
vhigh vhigh 4 2 low high unacc
vhigh vhigh 4 2 med low unacc
vhigh vhigh 4 2 med med unacc
vhigh vhigh 4 2 med high unacc
vhigh vhigh 4 2 high low unacc
vhigh vhigh 4 2 high med unacc
vhigh vhigh 4 2 high high unacc
vhigh vhigh 4 4 low low unacc
vhigh vhigh 4 4 low med unacc
vhigh vhigh 4 4 low high unacc
vhigh vhigh 4 4 med low unacc
vhigh vhigh 4 4 med med unacc
vhigh vhigh 4 4 med high unacc
vhigh vhigh 4 4 high low unacc
vhigh vhigh 4 4 high med unacc
vhigh vhigh 4 4 high high unacc
vhigh vhigh 4 5 low low unacc
vhigh vhigh 4 5 low med unacc
vhigh vhigh 4 5 low high unacc
vhigh vhigh 4 5 med low unacc
vhigh vhigh 4 5 med med unacc
vhigh vhigh 4 5 med high unacc
vhigh vhigh 4 5 high low unacc
vhigh vhigh 4 5 high med unacc
vhigh vhigh 4 5 high high unacc
vhigh vhigh 5 2 low low unacc
vhigh vhigh 5 2 low med unacc
vhigh vhigh 5 2 low high unacc
vhigh vhigh 5 2 med low unacc
vhigh vhigh 5 2 med med unacc
vhigh vhigh 5 2 med high unacc
vhigh vhigh 5 2 high low unacc
vhigh vhigh 5 2 high med unacc
vhigh vhigh 5 2 high high unacc
vhigh vhigh 5 4 low low unacc
vhigh vhigh 5 4 low med unacc
vhigh vhigh 5 4 low high unacc
vhigh vhigh 5 4 med low unacc
vhigh vhigh 5 4 med med unacc
vhigh vhigh 5 4 med high unacc
vhigh vhigh 5 4 high low unacc
vhigh vhigh 5 4 high med unacc
vhigh vhigh 5 4 high high unacc
vhigh vhigh 5 5 low low unacc
vhigh vhigh 5 5 low med unacc
vhigh vhigh 5 5 low high unacc
vhigh vhigh 5 5 med low unacc
vhigh vhigh 5 5 med med unacc
vhigh vhigh 5 5 med high unacc
vhigh vhigh 5 5 high low unacc
vhigh vhigh 5 5 high med unacc
vhigh vhigh 5 5 high high unacc
vhigh high 2 2 low low unacc
vhigh high 2 2 low med unacc
vhigh high 2 2 low high unacc
vhigh high 2 2 med low unacc
vhigh high 2 2 med med unacc
vhigh high 2 2 med high unacc
vhigh high 2 2 high low unacc
vhigh high 2 2 high med unacc
vhigh high 2 2 high high unacc
vhigh high 2 4 low low unacc
vhigh high 2 4 low med unacc
vhigh high 2 4 low high unacc
vhigh high 2 4 med low unacc
vhigh high 2 4 med med unacc
vhigh high 2 4 med high unacc
vhigh high 2 4 high low unacc
vhigh high 2 4 high med unacc
vhigh high 2 4 high high unacc
vhigh high 2 5 low low unacc
vhigh high 2 5 low med unacc
vhigh high 2 5 low high unacc
vhigh high 2 5 med low unacc
vhigh high 2 5 med med unacc
vhigh high 2 5 med high unacc
vhigh high 2 5 high low unacc
vhigh high 2 5 high med unacc
vhigh high 2 5 high high unacc
vhigh high 3 2 low low unacc
vhigh high 3 2 low med unacc
vhigh high 3 2 low high unacc
vhigh high 3 2 med low unacc
vhigh high 3 2 med med unacc
vhigh high 3 2 med high unacc
vhigh high 3 2 high low unacc
vhigh high 3 2 high med unacc
vhigh high 3 2 high high unacc
vhigh high 3 4 low low unacc
vhigh high 3 4 low med unacc
vhigh high 3 4 low high unacc
vhigh high 3 4 med low unacc
vhigh high 3 4 med med unacc
vhigh high 3 4 med high unacc
vhigh high 3 4 high low unacc
vhigh high 3 4 high med unacc
vhigh high 3 4 high high unacc
vhigh high 3 5 low low unacc
vhigh high 3 5 low med unacc
vhigh high 3 5 low high unacc
vhigh high 3 5 med low unacc
vhigh high 3 5 med med unacc
vhigh high 3 5 med high unacc
vhigh high 3 5 high low unacc
vhigh high 3 5 high med unacc
vhigh high 3 5 high high unacc
vhigh high 4 2 low low unacc
vhigh high 4 2 low med unacc
vhigh high 4 2 low high unacc
vhigh high 4 2 med low unacc
vhigh high 4 2 med med unacc
vhigh high 4 2 med high unacc
vhigh high 4 2 high low unacc
vhigh high 4 2 high med unacc
vhigh high 4 2 high high unacc
vhigh high 4 4 low low unacc
vhigh high 4 4 low med unacc
vhigh high 4 4 low high unacc
vhigh high 4 4 med low unacc
vhigh high 4 4 med med unacc
vhigh high 4 4 med high unacc
vhigh high 4 4 high low unacc
vhigh high 4 4 high med unacc
vhigh high 4 4 high high unacc
vhigh high 4 5 low low unacc
vhigh high 4 5 low med unacc
vhigh high 4 5 low high unacc
vhigh high 4 5 med low unacc
vhigh high 4 5 med med unacc
vhigh high 4 5 med high unacc
vhigh high 4 5 high low unacc
vhigh high 4 5 high med unacc
vhigh high 4 5 high high unacc
vhigh high 5 2 low low unacc
vhigh high 5 2 low med unacc
vhigh high 5 2 low high unacc
vhigh high 5 2 med low unacc
vhigh high 5 2 med med unacc
vhigh high 5 2 med high unacc
vhigh high 5 2 high low unacc
vhigh high 5 2 high med unacc
vhigh high 5 2 high high unacc
vhigh high 5 4 low low unacc
vhigh high 5 4 low med unacc
vhigh high 5 4 low high unacc
vhigh high 5 4 med low unacc
vhigh high 5 4 med med unacc
vhigh high 5 4 med high unacc
vhigh high 5 4 high low unacc
vhigh high 5 4 high med unacc
vhigh high 5 4 high high unacc
vhigh high 5 5 low low unacc
vhigh high 5 5 low med unacc
vhigh high 5 5 low high unacc
vhigh high 5 5 med low unacc
vhigh high 5 5 med med unacc
vhigh high 5 5 med high unacc
vhigh high 5 5 high low unacc
vhigh high 5 5 high med unacc
vhigh high 5 5 high high unacc
vhigh med 2 2 low low unacc
vhigh med 2 2 low med unacc
vhigh med 2 2 low high unacc
vhigh med 2 2 med low unacc
vhigh med 2 2 med med unacc
vhigh med 2 2 med high unacc
vhigh med 2 2 high low unacc
vhigh med 2 2 high med unacc
vhigh med 2 2 high high unacc
vhigh med 2 4 low low unacc
vhigh med 2 4 low med unacc
vhigh med 2 4 low high acc
vhigh med 2 4 med low unacc
vhigh med 2 4 med med unacc
vhigh med 2 4 med high acc
vhigh med 2 4 high low unacc
vhigh med 2 4 high med acc
vhigh med 2 4 high high acc
vhigh med 2 5 low low unacc
vhigh med 2 5 low med unacc
vhigh med 2 5 low high unacc
vhigh med 2 5 med low unacc
vhigh med 2 5 med med unacc
vhigh med 2 5 med high acc
vhigh med 2 5 high low unacc
vhigh med 2 5 high med acc
vhigh med 2 5 high high acc
vhigh med 3 2 low low unacc
vhigh med 3 2 low med unacc
vhigh med 3 2 low high unacc
vhigh med 3 2 med low unacc
vhigh med 3 2 med med unacc
vhigh med 3 2 med high unacc
vhigh med 3 2 high low unacc
vhigh med 3 2 high med unacc
vhigh med 3 2 high high unacc
vhigh med 3 4 low low unacc
vhigh med 3 4 low med unacc
vhigh med 3 4 low high acc
vhigh med 3 4 med low unacc
vhigh med 3 4 med med unacc
vhigh med 3 4 med high acc
vhigh med 3 4 high low unacc
vhigh med 3 4 high med acc
vhigh med 3 4 high high acc
vhigh med 3 5 low low unacc
vhigh med 3 5 low med unacc
vhigh med 3 5 low high acc
vhigh med 3 5 med low unacc
vhigh med 3 5 med med acc
vhigh med 3 5 med high acc
vhigh med 3 5 high low unacc
vhigh med 3 5 high med acc
vhigh med 3 5 high high acc
vhigh med 4 2 low low unacc
vhigh med 4 2 low med unacc
vhigh med 4 2 low high unacc
vhigh med 4 2 med low unacc
vhigh med 4 2 med med unacc
vhigh med 4 2 med high unacc
vhigh med 4 2 high low unacc
vhigh med 4 2 high med unacc
vhigh med 4 2 high high unacc
vhigh med 4 4 low low unacc
vhigh med 4 4 low med unacc
vhigh med 4 4 low high acc
vhigh med 4 4 med low unacc
vhigh med 4 4 med med acc
vhigh med 4 4 med high acc
vhigh med 4 4 high low unacc
vhigh med 4 4 high med acc
vhigh med 4 4 high high acc
vhigh med 4 5 low low unacc
vhigh med 4 5 low med unacc
vhigh med 4 5 low high acc
vhigh med 4 5 med low unacc
vhigh med 4 5 med med acc
vhigh med 4 5 med high acc
vhigh med 4 5 high low unacc
vhigh med 4 5 high med acc
vhigh med 4 5 high high acc
vhigh med 5 2 low low unacc
vhigh med 5 2 low med unacc
vhigh med 5 2 low high unacc
vhigh med 5 2 med low unacc
vhigh med 5 2 med med unacc
vhigh med 5 2 med high unacc
vhigh med 5 2 high low unacc
vhigh med 5 2 high med unacc
vhigh med 5 2 high high unacc
vhigh med 5 4 low low unacc
vhigh med 5 4 low med unacc
vhigh med 5 4 low high acc
vhigh med 5 4 med low unacc
vhigh med 5 4 med med acc
vhigh med 5 4 med high acc
vhigh med 5 4 high low unacc
vhigh med 5 4 high med acc
vhigh med 5 4 high high acc
vhigh med 5 5 low low unacc
vhigh med 5 5 low med unacc
vhigh med 5 5 low high acc
vhigh med 5 5 med low unacc
vhigh med 5 5 med med acc
vhigh med 5 5 med high acc
vhigh med 5 5 high low unacc
vhigh med 5 5 high med acc
vhigh med 5 5 high high acc
vhigh low 2 2 low low unacc
vhigh low 2 2 low med unacc
vhigh low 2 2 low high unacc
vhigh low 2 2 med low unacc
vhigh low 2 2 med med unacc
vhigh low 2 2 med high unacc
vhigh low 2 2 high low unacc
vhigh low 2 2 high med unacc
vhigh low 2 2 high high unacc
vhigh low 2 4 low low unacc
vhigh low 2 4 low med unacc
vhigh low 2 4 low high acc
vhigh low 2 4 med low unacc
vhigh low 2 4 med med unacc
vhigh low 2 4 med high acc
vhigh low 2 4 high low unacc
vhigh low 2 4 high med acc
vhigh low 2 4 high high acc
vhigh low 2 5 low low unacc
vhigh low 2 5 low med unacc
vhigh low 2 5 low high unacc
vhigh low 2 5 med low unacc
vhigh low 2 5 med med unacc
vhigh low 2 5 med high acc
vhigh low 2 5 high low unacc
vhigh low 2 5 high med acc
vhigh low 2 5 high high acc
vhigh low 3 2 low low unacc
vhigh low 3 2 low med unacc
vhigh low 3 2 low high unacc
vhigh low 3 2 med low unacc
vhigh low 3 2 med med unacc
vhigh low 3 2 med high unacc
vhigh low 3 2 high low unacc
vhigh low 3 2 high med unacc
vhigh low 3 2 high high unacc
vhigh low 3 4 low low unacc
vhigh low 3 4 low med unacc
vhigh low 3 4 low high acc
vhigh low 3 4 med low unacc
vhigh low 3 4 med med unacc
vhigh low 3 4 med high acc
vhigh low 3 4 high low unacc
vhigh low 3 4 high med acc
vhigh low 3 4 high high acc
vhigh low 3 5 low low unacc
vhigh low 3 5 low med unacc
vhigh low 3 5 low high acc
vhigh low 3 5 med low unacc
vhigh low 3 5 med med acc
vhigh low 3 5 med high acc
vhigh low 3 5 high low unacc
vhigh low 3 5 high med acc
vhigh low 3 5 high high acc
vhigh low 4 2 low low unacc
vhigh low 4 2 low med unacc
vhigh low 4 2 low high unacc
vhigh low 4 2 med low unacc
vhigh low 4 2 med med unacc
vhigh low 4 2 med high unacc
vhigh low 4 2 high low unacc
vhigh low 4 2 high med unacc
vhigh low 4 2 high high unacc
vhigh low 4 4 low low unacc
vhigh low 4 4 low med unacc
vhigh low 4 4 low high acc
vhigh low 4 4 med low unacc
vhigh low 4 4 med med acc
vhigh low 4 4 med high acc
vhigh low 4 4 high low unacc
vhigh low 4 4 high med acc
vhigh low 4 4 high high acc
vhigh low 4 5 low low unacc
vhigh low 4 5 low med unacc
vhigh low 4 5 low high acc
vhigh low 4 5 med low unacc
vhigh low 4 5 med med acc
vhigh low 4 5 med high acc
vhigh low 4 5 high low unacc
vhigh low 4 5 high med acc
vhigh low 4 5 high high acc
vhigh low 5 2 low low unacc
vhigh low 5 2 low med unacc
vhigh low 5 2 low high unacc
vhigh low 5 2 med low unacc
vhigh low 5 2 med med unacc
vhigh low 5 2 med high unacc
vhigh low 5 2 high low unacc
vhigh low 5 2 high med unacc
vhigh low 5 2 high high unacc
vhigh low 5 4 low low unacc
vhigh low 5 4 low med unacc
vhigh low 5 4 low high acc
vhigh low 5 4 med low unacc
vhigh low 5 4 med med acc
vhigh low 5 4 med high acc
vhigh low 5 4 high low unacc
vhigh low 5 4 high med acc
vhigh low 5 4 high high acc
vhigh low 5 5 low low unacc
vhigh low 5 5 low med unacc
vhigh low 5 5 low high acc
vhigh low 5 5 med low unacc
vhigh low 5 5 med med acc
vhigh low 5 5 med high acc
vhigh low 5 5 high low unacc
vhigh low 5 5 high med acc
vhigh low 5 5 high high acc
high vhigh 2 2 low low unacc
high vhigh 2 2 low med unacc
high vhigh 2 2 low high unacc
high vhigh 2 2 med low unacc
high vhigh 2 2 med med unacc
high vhigh 2 2 med high unacc
high vhigh 2 2 high low unacc
high vhigh 2 2 high med unacc
high vhigh 2 2 high high unacc
high vhigh 2 4 low low unacc
high vhigh 2 4 low med unacc
high vhigh 2 4 low high unacc
high vhigh 2 4 med low unacc
high vhigh 2 4 med med unacc
high vhigh 2 4 med high unacc
high vhigh 2 4 high low unacc
high vhigh 2 4 high med unacc
high vhigh 2 4 high high unacc
high vhigh 2 5 low low unacc
high vhigh 2 5 low med unacc
high vhigh 2 5 low high unacc
high vhigh 2 5 med low unacc
high vhigh 2 5 med med unacc
high vhigh 2 5 med high unacc
high vhigh 2 5 high low unacc
high vhigh 2 5 high med unacc
high vhigh 2 5 high high unacc
high vhigh 3 2 low low unacc
high vhigh 3 2 low med unacc
high vhigh 3 2 low high unacc
high vhigh 3 2 med low unacc
high vhigh 3 2 med med unacc
high vhigh 3 2 med high unacc
high vhigh 3 2 high low unacc
high vhigh 3 2 high med unacc
high vhigh 3 2 high high unacc
high vhigh 3 4 low low unacc
high vhigh 3 4 low med unacc
high vhigh 3 4 low high unacc
high vhigh 3 4 med low unacc
high vhigh 3 4 med med unacc
high vhigh 3 4 med high unacc
high vhigh 3 4 high low unacc
high vhigh 3 4 high med unacc
high vhigh 3 4 high high unacc
high vhigh 3 5 low low unacc
high vhigh 3 5 low med unacc
high vhigh 3 5 low high unacc
high vhigh 3 5 med low unacc
high vhigh 3 5 med med unacc
high vhigh 3 5 med high unacc
high vhigh 3 5 high low unacc
high vhigh 3 5 high med unacc
high vhigh 3 5 high high unacc
high vhigh 4 2 low low unacc
high vhigh 4 2 low med unacc
high vhigh 4 2 low high unacc
high vhigh 4 2 med low unacc
high vhigh 4 2 med med unacc
high vhigh 4 2 med high unacc
high vhigh 4 2 high low unacc
high vhigh 4 2 high med unacc
high vhigh 4 2 high high unacc
high vhigh 4 4 low low unacc
high vhigh 4 4 low med unacc
high vhigh 4 4 low high unacc
high vhigh 4 4 med low unacc
high vhigh 4 4 med med unacc
high vhigh 4 4 med high unacc
high vhigh 4 4 high low unacc
high vhigh 4 4 high med unacc
high vhigh 4 4 high high unacc
high vhigh 4 5 low low unacc
high vhigh 4 5 low med unacc
high vhigh 4 5 low high unacc
high vhigh 4 5 med low unacc
high vhigh 4 5 med med unacc
high vhigh 4 5 med high unacc
high vhigh 4 5 high low unacc
high vhigh 4 5 high med unacc
high vhigh 4 5 high high unacc
high vhigh 5 2 low low unacc
high vhigh 5 2 low med unacc
high vhigh 5 2 low high unacc
high vhigh 5 2 med low unacc
high vhigh 5 2 med med unacc
high vhigh 5 2 med high unacc
high vhigh 5 2 high low unacc
high vhigh 5 2 high med unacc
high vhigh 5 2 high high unacc
high vhigh 5 4 low low unacc
high vhigh 5 4 low med unacc
high vhigh 5 4 low high unacc
high vhigh 5 4 med low unacc
high vhigh 5 4 med med unacc
high vhigh 5 4 med high unacc
high vhigh 5 4 high low unacc
high vhigh 5 4 high med unacc
high vhigh 5 4 high high unacc
high vhigh 5 5 low low unacc
high vhigh 5 5 low med unacc
high vhigh 5 5 low high unacc
high vhigh 5 5 med low unacc
high vhigh 5 5 med med unacc
high vhigh 5 5 med high unacc
high vhigh 5 5 high low unacc
high vhigh 5 5 high med unacc
high vhigh 5 5 high high unacc
high high 2 2 low low unacc
high high 2 2 low med unacc
high high 2 2 low high unacc
high high 2 2 med low unacc
high high 2 2 med med unacc
high high 2 2 med high unacc
high high 2 2 high low unacc
high high 2 2 high med unacc
high high 2 2 high high unacc
high high 2 4 low low unacc
high high 2 4 low med unacc
high high 2 4 low high acc
high high 2 4 med low unacc
high high 2 4 med med unacc
high high 2 4 med high acc
high high 2 4 high low unacc
high high 2 4 high med acc
high high 2 4 high high acc
high high 2 5 low low unacc
high high 2 5 low med unacc
high high 2 5 low high unacc
high high 2 5 med low unacc
high high 2 5 med med unacc
high high 2 5 med high acc
high high 2 5 high low unacc
high high 2 5 high med acc
high high 2 5 high high acc
high high 3 2 low low unacc
high high 3 2 low med unacc
high high 3 2 low high unacc
high high 3 2 med low unacc
high high 3 2 med med unacc
high high 3 2 med high unacc
high high 3 2 high low unacc
high high 3 2 high med unacc
high high 3 2 high high unacc
high high 3 4 low low unacc
high high 3 4 low med unacc
high high 3 4 low high acc
high high 3 4 med low unacc
high high 3 4 med med unacc
high high 3 4 med high acc
high high 3 4 high low unacc
high high 3 4 high med acc
high high 3 4 high high acc
high high 3 5 low low unacc
high high 3 5 low med unacc
high high 3 5 low high acc
high high 3 5 med low unacc
high high 3 5 med med acc
high high 3 5 med high acc
high high 3 5 high low unacc
high high 3 5 high med acc
high high 3 5 high high acc
high high 4 2 low low unacc
high high 4 2 low med unacc
high high 4 2 low high unacc
high high 4 2 med low unacc
high high 4 2 med med unacc
high high 4 2 med high unacc
high high 4 2 high low unacc
high high 4 2 high med unacc
high high 4 2 high high unacc
high high 4 4 low low unacc
high high 4 4 low med unacc
high high 4 4 low high acc
high high 4 4 med low unacc
high high 4 4 med med acc
high high 4 4 med high acc
high high 4 4 high low unacc
high high 4 4 high med acc
high high 4 4 high high acc
high high 4 5 low low unacc
high high 4 5 low med unacc
high high 4 5 low high acc
high high 4 5 med low unacc
high high 4 5 med med acc
high high 4 5 med high acc
high high 4 5 high low unacc
high high 4 5 high med acc
high high 4 5 high high acc
high high 5 2 low low unacc
high high 5 2 low med unacc
high high 5 2 low high unacc
high high 5 2 med low unacc
high high 5 2 med med unacc
high high 5 2 med high unacc
high high 5 2 high low unacc
high high 5 2 high med unacc
high high 5 2 high high unacc
high high 5 4 low low unacc
high high 5 4 low med unacc
high high 5 4 low high acc
high high 5 4 med low unacc
high high 5 4 med med acc
high high 5 4 med high acc
high high 5 4 high low unacc
high high 5 4 high med acc
high high 5 4 high high acc
high high 5 5 low low unacc
high high 5 5 low med unacc
high high 5 5 low high acc
high high 5 5 med low unacc
high high 5 5 med med acc
high high 5 5 med high acc
high high 5 5 high low unacc
high high 5 5 high med acc
high high 5 5 high high acc
high med 2 2 low low unacc
high med 2 2 low med unacc
high med 2 2 low high unacc
high med 2 2 med low unacc
high med 2 2 med med unacc
high med 2 2 med high unacc
high med 2 2 high low unacc
high med 2 2 high med unacc
high med 2 2 high high unacc
high med 2 4 low low unacc
high med 2 4 low med unacc
high med 2 4 low high acc
high med 2 4 med low unacc
high med 2 4 med med unacc
high med 2 4 med high acc
high med 2 4 high low unacc
high med 2 4 high med acc
high med 2 4 high high acc
high med 2 5 low low unacc
high med 2 5 low med unacc
high med 2 5 low high unacc
high med 2 5 med low unacc
high med 2 5 med med unacc
high med 2 5 med high acc
high med 2 5 high low unacc
high med 2 5 high med acc
high med 2 5 high high acc
high med 3 2 low low unacc
high med 3 2 low med unacc
high med 3 2 low high unacc
high med 3 2 med low unacc
high med 3 2 med med unacc
high med 3 2 med high unacc
high med 3 2 high low unacc
high med 3 2 high med unacc
high med 3 2 high high unacc
high med 3 4 low low unacc
high med 3 4 low med unacc
high med 3 4 low high acc
high med 3 4 med low unacc
high med 3 4 med med unacc
high med 3 4 med high acc
high med 3 4 high low unacc
high med 3 4 high med acc
high med 3 4 high high acc
high med 3 5 low low unacc
high med 3 5 low med unacc
high med 3 5 low high acc
high med 3 5 med low unacc
high med 3 5 med med acc
high med 3 5 med high acc
high med 3 5 high low unacc
high med 3 5 high med acc
high med 3 5 high high acc
high med 4 2 low low unacc
high med 4 2 low med unacc
high med 4 2 low high unacc
high med 4 2 med low unacc
high med 4 2 med med unacc
high med 4 2 med high unacc
high med 4 2 high low unacc
high med 4 2 high med unacc
high med 4 2 high high unacc
high med 4 4 low low unacc
high med 4 4 low med unacc
high med 4 4 low high acc
high med 4 4 med low unacc
high med 4 4 med med acc
high med 4 4 med high acc
high med 4 4 high low unacc
high med 4 4 high med acc
high med 4 4 high high acc
high med 4 5 low low unacc
high med 4 5 low med unacc
high med 4 5 low high acc
high med 4 5 med low unacc
high med 4 5 med med acc
high med 4 5 med high acc
high med 4 5 high low unacc
high med 4 5 high med acc
high med 4 5 high high acc
high med 5 2 low low unacc
high med 5 2 low med unacc
high med 5 2 low high unacc
high med 5 2 med low unacc
high med 5 2 med med unacc
high med 5 2 med high unacc
high med 5 2 high low unacc
high med 5 2 high med unacc
high med 5 2 high high unacc
high med 5 4 low low unacc
high med 5 4 low med unacc
high med 5 4 low high acc
high med 5 4 med low unacc
high med 5 4 med med acc
high med 5 4 med high acc
high med 5 4 high low unacc
high med 5 4 high med acc
high med 5 4 high high acc
high med 5 5 low low unacc
high med 5 5 low med unacc
high med 5 5 low high acc
high med 5 5 med low unacc
high med 5 5 med med acc
high med 5 5 med high acc
high med 5 5 high low unacc
high med 5 5 high med acc
high med 5 5 high high acc
high low 2 2 low low unacc
high low 2 2 low med unacc
high low 2 2 low high unacc
high low 2 2 med low unacc
high low 2 2 med med unacc
high low 2 2 med high unacc
high low 2 2 high low unacc
high low 2 2 high med unacc
high low 2 2 high high unacc
high low 2 4 low low unacc
high low 2 4 low med unacc
high low 2 4 low high acc
high low 2 4 med low unacc
high low 2 4 med med unacc
high low 2 4 med high acc
high low 2 4 high low unacc
high low 2 4 high med acc
high low 2 4 high high acc
high low 2 5 low low unacc
high low 2 5 low med unacc
high low 2 5 low high unacc
high low 2 5 med low unacc
high low 2 5 med med unacc
high low 2 5 med high acc
high low 2 5 high low unacc
high low 2 5 high med acc
high low 2 5 high high acc
high low 3 2 low low unacc
high low 3 2 low med unacc
high low 3 2 low high unacc
high low 3 2 med low unacc
high low 3 2 med med unacc
high low 3 2 med high unacc
high low 3 2 high low unacc
high low 3 2 high med unacc
high low 3 2 high high unacc
high low 3 4 low low unacc
high low 3 4 low med unacc
high low 3 4 low high acc
high low 3 4 med low unacc
high low 3 4 med med unacc
high low 3 4 med high acc
high low 3 4 high low unacc
high low 3 4 high med acc
high low 3 4 high high acc
high low 3 5 low low unacc
high low 3 5 low med unacc
high low 3 5 low high acc
high low 3 5 med low unacc
high low 3 5 med med acc
high low 3 5 med high acc
high low 3 5 high low unacc
high low 3 5 high med acc
high low 3 5 high high acc
high low 4 2 low low unacc
high low 4 2 low med unacc
high low 4 2 low high unacc
high low 4 2 med low unacc
high low 4 2 med med unacc
high low 4 2 med high unacc
high low 4 2 high low unacc
high low 4 2 high med unacc
high low 4 2 high high unacc
high low 4 4 low low unacc
high low 4 4 low med unacc
high low 4 4 low high acc
high low 4 4 med low unacc
high low 4 4 med med acc
high low 4 4 med high acc
high low 4 4 high low unacc
high low 4 4 high med acc
high low 4 4 high high acc
high low 4 5 low low unacc
high low 4 5 low med unacc
high low 4 5 low high acc
high low 4 5 med low unacc
high low 4 5 med med acc
high low 4 5 med high acc
high low 4 5 high low unacc
high low 4 5 high med acc
high low 4 5 high high acc
high low 5 2 low low unacc
high low 5 2 low med unacc
high low 5 2 low high unacc
high low 5 2 med low unacc
high low 5 2 med med unacc
high low 5 2 med high unacc
high low 5 2 high low unacc
high low 5 2 high med unacc
high low 5 2 high high unacc
high low 5 4 low low unacc
high low 5 4 low med unacc
high low 5 4 low high acc
high low 5 4 med low unacc
high low 5 4 med med acc
high low 5 4 med high acc
high low 5 4 high low unacc
high low 5 4 high med acc
high low 5 4 high high acc
high low 5 5 low low unacc
high low 5 5 low med unacc
high low 5 5 low high acc
high low 5 5 med low unacc
high low 5 5 med med acc
high low 5 5 med high acc
high low 5 5 high low unacc
high low 5 5 high med acc
high low 5 5 high high acc
med vhigh 2 2 low low unacc
med vhigh 2 2 low med unacc
med vhigh 2 2 low high unacc
med vhigh 2 2 med low unacc
med vhigh 2 2 med med unacc
med vhigh 2 2 med high unacc
med vhigh 2 2 high low unacc
med vhigh 2 2 high med unacc
med vhigh 2 2 high high unacc
med vhigh 2 4 low low unacc
med vhigh 2 4 low med unacc
med vhigh 2 4 low high acc
med vhigh 2 4 med low unacc
med vhigh 2 4 med med unacc
med vhigh 2 4 med high acc
med vhigh 2 4 high low unacc
med vhigh 2 4 high med acc
med vhigh 2 4 high high acc
med vhigh 2 5 low low unacc
med vhigh 2 5 low med unacc
med vhigh 2 5 low high unacc
med vhigh 2 5 med low unacc
med vhigh 2 5 med med unacc
med vhigh 2 5 med high acc
med vhigh 2 5 high low unacc
med vhigh 2 5 high med acc
med vhigh 2 5 high high acc
med vhigh 3 2 low low unacc
med vhigh 3 2 low med unacc
med vhigh 3 2 low high unacc
med vhigh 3 2 med low unacc
med vhigh 3 2 med med unacc
med vhigh 3 2 med high unacc
med vhigh 3 2 high low unacc
med vhigh 3 2 high med unacc
med vhigh 3 2 high high unacc
med vhigh 3 4 low low unacc
med vhigh 3 4 low med unacc
med vhigh 3 4 low high acc
med vhigh 3 4 med low unacc
med vhigh 3 4 med med unacc
med vhigh 3 4 med high acc
med vhigh 3 4 high low unacc
med vhigh 3 4 high med acc
med vhigh 3 4 high high acc
med vhigh 3 5 low low unacc
med vhigh 3 5 low med unacc
med vhigh 3 5 low high acc
med vhigh 3 5 med low unacc
med vhigh 3 5 med med acc
med vhigh 3 5 med high acc
med vhigh 3 5 high low unacc
med vhigh 3 5 high med acc
med vhigh 3 5 high high acc
med vhigh 4 2 low low unacc
med vhigh 4 2 low med unacc
med vhigh 4 2 low high unacc
med vhigh 4 2 med low unacc
med vhigh 4 2 med med unacc
med vhigh 4 2 med high unacc
med vhigh 4 2 high low unacc
med vhigh 4 2 high med unacc
med vhigh 4 2 high high unacc
med vhigh 4 4 low low unacc
med vhigh 4 4 low med unacc
med vhigh 4 4 low high acc
med vhigh 4 4 med low unacc
med vhigh 4 4 med med acc
med vhigh 4 4 med high acc
med vhigh 4 4 high low unacc
med vhigh 4 4 high med acc
med vhigh 4 4 high high acc
med vhigh 4 5 low low unacc
med vhigh 4 5 low med unacc
med vhigh 4 5 low high acc
med vhigh 4 5 med low unacc
med vhigh 4 5 med med acc
med vhigh 4 5 med high acc
med vhigh 4 5 high low unacc
med vhigh 4 5 high med acc
med vhigh 4 5 high high acc
med vhigh 5 2 low low unacc
med vhigh 5 2 low med unacc
med vhigh 5 2 low high unacc
med vhigh 5 2 med low unacc
med vhigh 5 2 med med unacc
med vhigh 5 2 med high unacc
med vhigh 5 2 high low unacc
med vhigh 5 2 high med unacc
med vhigh 5 2 high high unacc
med vhigh 5 4 low low unacc
med vhigh 5 4 low med unacc
med vhigh 5 4 low high acc
med vhigh 5 4 med low unacc
med vhigh 5 4 med med acc
med vhigh 5 4 med high acc
med vhigh 5 4 high low unacc
med vhigh 5 4 high med acc
med vhigh 5 4 high high acc
med vhigh 5 5 low low unacc
med vhigh 5 5 low med unacc
med vhigh 5 5 low high acc
med vhigh 5 5 med low unacc
med vhigh 5 5 med med acc
med vhigh 5 5 med high acc
med vhigh 5 5 high low unacc
med vhigh 5 5 high med acc
med vhigh 5 5 high high acc
med high 2 2 low low unacc
med high 2 2 low med unacc
med high 2 2 low high unacc
med high 2 2 med low unacc
med high 2 2 med med unacc
med high 2 2 med high unacc
med high 2 2 high low unacc
med high 2 2 high med unacc
med high 2 2 high high unacc
med high 2 4 low low unacc
med high 2 4 low med unacc
med high 2 4 low high acc
med high 2 4 med low unacc
med high 2 4 med med unacc
med high 2 4 med high acc
med high 2 4 high low unacc
med high 2 4 high med acc
med high 2 4 high high acc
med high 2 5 low low unacc
med high 2 5 low med unacc
med high 2 5 low high unacc
med high 2 5 med low unacc
med high 2 5 med med unacc
med high 2 5 med high acc
med high 2 5 high low unacc
med high 2 5 high med acc
med high 2 5 high high acc
med high 3 2 low low unacc
med high 3 2 low med unacc
med high 3 2 low high unacc
med high 3 2 med low unacc
med high 3 2 med med unacc
med high 3 2 med high unacc
med high 3 2 high low unacc
med high 3 2 high med unacc
med high 3 2 high high unacc
med high 3 4 low low unacc
med high 3 4 low med unacc
med high 3 4 low high acc
med high 3 4 med low unacc
med high 3 4 med med unacc
med high 3 4 med high acc
med high 3 4 high low unacc
med high 3 4 high med acc
med high 3 4 high high acc
med high 3 5 low low unacc
med high 3 5 low med unacc
med high 3 5 low high acc
med high 3 5 med low unacc
med high 3 5 med med acc
med high 3 5 med high acc
med high 3 5 high low unacc
med high 3 5 high med acc
med high 3 5 high high acc
med high 4 2 low low unacc
med high 4 2 low med unacc
med high 4 2 low high unacc
med high 4 2 med low unacc
med high 4 2 med med unacc
med high 4 2 med high unacc
med high 4 2 high low unacc
med high 4 2 high med unacc
med high 4 2 high high unacc
med high 4 4 low low unacc
med high 4 4 low med unacc
med high 4 4 low high acc
med high 4 4 med low unacc
med high 4 4 med med acc
med high 4 4 med high acc
med high 4 4 high low unacc
med high 4 4 high med acc
med high 4 4 high high acc
med high 4 5 low low unacc
med high 4 5 low med unacc
med high 4 5 low high acc
med high 4 5 med low unacc
med high 4 5 med med acc
med high 4 5 med high acc
med high 4 5 high low unacc
med high 4 5 high med acc
med high 4 5 high high acc
med high 5 2 low low unacc
med high 5 2 low med unacc
med high 5 2 low high unacc
med high 5 2 med low unacc
med high 5 2 med med unacc
med high 5 2 med high unacc
med high 5 2 high low unacc
med high 5 2 high med unacc
med high 5 2 high high unacc
med high 5 4 low low unacc
med high 5 4 low med unacc
med high 5 4 low high acc
med high 5 4 med low unacc
med high 5 4 med med acc
med high 5 4 med high acc
med high 5 4 high low unacc
med high 5 4 high med acc
med high 5 4 high high acc
med high 5 5 low low unacc
med high 5 5 low med unacc
med high 5 5 low high acc
med high 5 5 med low unacc
med high 5 5 med med acc
med high 5 5 med high acc
med high 5 5 high low unacc
med high 5 5 high med acc
med high 5 5 high high acc
med med 2 2 low low unacc
med med 2 2 low med unacc
med med 2 2 low high unacc
med med 2 2 med low unacc
med med 2 2 med med unacc
med med 2 2 med high unacc
med med 2 2 high low unacc
med med 2 2 high med unacc
med med 2 2 high high unacc
med med 2 4 low low unacc
med med 2 4 low med acc
med med 2 4 low high acc
med med 2 4 med low unacc
med med 2 4 med med acc
med med 2 4 med high acc
med med 2 4 high low unacc
med med 2 4 high med acc
med med 2 4 high high vgood
med med 2 5 low low unacc
med med 2 5 low med unacc
med med 2 5 low high unacc
med med 2 5 med low unacc
med med 2 5 med med acc
med med 2 5 med high acc
med med 2 5 high low unacc
med med 2 5 high med acc
med med 2 5 high high vgood
med med 3 2 low low unacc
med med 3 2 low med unacc
med med 3 2 low high unacc
med med 3 2 med low unacc
med med 3 2 med med unacc
med med 3 2 med high unacc
med med 3 2 high low unacc
med med 3 2 high med unacc
med med 3 2 high high unacc
med med 3 4 low low unacc
med med 3 4 low med acc
med med 3 4 low high acc
med med 3 4 med low unacc
med med 3 4 med med acc
med med 3 4 med high acc
med med 3 4 high low unacc
med med 3 4 high med acc
med med 3 4 high high vgood
med med 3 5 low low unacc
med med 3 5 low med acc
med med 3 5 low high acc
med med 3 5 med low unacc
med med 3 5 med med acc
med med 3 5 med high vgood
med med 3 5 high low unacc
med med 3 5 high med acc
med med 3 5 high high vgood
med med 4 2 low low unacc
med med 4 2 low med unacc
med med 4 2 low high unacc
med med 4 2 med low unacc
med med 4 2 med med unacc
med med 4 2 med high unacc
med med 4 2 high low unacc
med med 4 2 high med unacc
med med 4 2 high high unacc
med med 4 4 low low unacc
med med 4 4 low med acc
med med 4 4 low high acc
med med 4 4 med low unacc
med med 4 4 med med acc
med med 4 4 med high vgood
med med 4 4 high low unacc
med med 4 4 high med acc
med med 4 4 high high vgood
med med 4 5 low low unacc
med med 4 5 low med acc
med med 4 5 low high acc
med med 4 5 med low unacc
med med 4 5 med med acc
med med 4 5 med high vgood
med med 4 5 high low unacc
med med 4 5 high med acc
med med 4 5 high high vgood
med med 5 2 low low unacc
med med 5 2 low med unacc
med med 5 2 low high unacc
med med 5 2 med low unacc
med med 5 2 med med unacc
med med 5 2 med high unacc
med med 5 2 high low unacc
med med 5 2 high med unacc
med med 5 2 high high unacc
med med 5 4 low low unacc
med med 5 4 low med acc
med med 5 4 low high acc
med med 5 4 med low unacc
med med 5 4 med med acc
med med 5 4 med high vgood
med med 5 4 high low unacc
med med 5 4 high med acc
med med 5 4 high high vgood
med med 5 5 low low unacc
med med 5 5 low med acc
med med 5 5 low high acc
med med 5 5 med low unacc
med med 5 5 med med acc
med med 5 5 med high vgood
med med 5 5 high low unacc
med med 5 5 high med acc
med med 5 5 high high vgood
med low 2 2 low low unacc
med low 2 2 low med unacc
med low 2 2 low high unacc
med low 2 2 med low unacc
med low 2 2 med med unacc
med low 2 2 med high unacc
med low 2 2 high low unacc
med low 2 2 high med unacc
med low 2 2 high high unacc
med low 2 4 low low unacc
med low 2 4 low med acc
med low 2 4 low high good
med low 2 4 med low unacc
med low 2 4 med med acc
med low 2 4 med high good
med low 2 4 high low unacc
med low 2 4 high med good
med low 2 4 high high vgood
med low 2 5 low low unacc
med low 2 5 low med unacc
med low 2 5 low high unacc
med low 2 5 med low unacc
med low 2 5 med med acc
med low 2 5 med high good
med low 2 5 high low unacc
med low 2 5 high med good
med low 2 5 high high vgood
med low 3 2 low low unacc
med low 3 2 low med unacc
med low 3 2 low high unacc
med low 3 2 med low unacc
med low 3 2 med med unacc
med low 3 2 med high unacc
med low 3 2 high low unacc
med low 3 2 high med unacc
med low 3 2 high high unacc
med low 3 4 low low unacc
med low 3 4 low med acc
med low 3 4 low high good
med low 3 4 med low unacc
med low 3 4 med med acc
med low 3 4 med high good
med low 3 4 high low unacc
med low 3 4 high med good
med low 3 4 high high vgood
med low 3 5 low low unacc
med low 3 5 low med acc
med low 3 5 low high good
med low 3 5 med low unacc
med low 3 5 med med good
med low 3 5 med high vgood
med low 3 5 high low unacc
med low 3 5 high med good
med low 3 5 high high vgood
med low 4 2 low low unacc
med low 4 2 low med unacc
med low 4 2 low high unacc
med low 4 2 med low unacc
med low 4 2 med med unacc
med low 4 2 med high unacc
med low 4 2 high low unacc
med low 4 2 high med unacc
med low 4 2 high high unacc
med low 4 4 low low unacc
med low 4 4 low med acc
med low 4 4 low high good
med low 4 4 med low unacc
med low 4 4 med med good
med low 4 4 med high vgood
med low 4 4 high low unacc
med low 4 4 high med good
med low 4 4 high high vgood
med low 4 5 low low unacc
med low 4 5 low med acc
med low 4 5 low high good
med low 4 5 med low unacc
med low 4 5 med med good
med low 4 5 med high vgood
med low 4 5 high low unacc
med low 4 5 high med good
med low 4 5 high high vgood
med low 5 2 low low unacc
med low 5 2 low med unacc
med low 5 2 low high unacc
med low 5 2 med low unacc
med low 5 2 med med unacc
med low 5 2 med high unacc
med low 5 2 high low unacc
med low 5 2 high med unacc
med low 5 2 high high unacc
med low 5 4 low low unacc
med low 5 4 low med acc
med low 5 4 low high good
med low 5 4 med low unacc
med low 5 4 med med good
med low 5 4 med high vgood
med low 5 4 high low unacc
med low 5 4 high med good
med low 5 4 high high vgood
med low 5 5 low low unacc
med low 5 5 low med acc
med low 5 5 low high good
med low 5 5 med low unacc
med low 5 5 med med good
med low 5 5 med high vgood
med low 5 5 high low unacc
med low 5 5 high med good
med low 5 5 high high vgood
low vhigh 2 2 low low unacc
low vhigh 2 2 low med unacc
low vhigh 2 2 low high unacc
low vhigh 2 2 med low unacc
low vhigh 2 2 med med unacc
low vhigh 2 2 med high unacc
low vhigh 2 2 high low unacc
low vhigh 2 2 high med unacc
low vhigh 2 2 high high unacc
low vhigh 2 4 low low unacc
low vhigh 2 4 low med unacc
low vhigh 2 4 low high acc
low vhigh 2 4 med low unacc
low vhigh 2 4 med med unacc
low vhigh 2 4 med high acc
low vhigh 2 4 high low unacc
low vhigh 2 4 high med acc
low vhigh 2 4 high high acc
low vhigh 2 5 low low unacc
low vhigh 2 5 low med unacc
low vhigh 2 5 low high unacc
low vhigh 2 5 med low unacc
low vhigh 2 5 med med unacc
low vhigh 2 5 med high acc
low vhigh 2 5 high low unacc
low vhigh 2 5 high med acc
low vhigh 2 5 high high acc
low vhigh 3 2 low low unacc
low vhigh 3 2 low med unacc
low vhigh 3 2 low high unacc
low vhigh 3 2 med low unacc
low vhigh 3 2 med med unacc
low vhigh 3 2 med high unacc
low vhigh 3 2 high low unacc
low vhigh 3 2 high med unacc
low vhigh 3 2 high high unacc
low vhigh 3 4 low low unacc
low vhigh 3 4 low med unacc
low vhigh 3 4 low high acc
low vhigh 3 4 med low unacc
low vhigh 3 4 med med unacc
low vhigh 3 4 med high acc
low vhigh 3 4 high low unacc
low vhigh 3 4 high med acc
low vhigh 3 4 high high acc
low vhigh 3 5 low low unacc
low vhigh 3 5 low med unacc
low vhigh 3 5 low high acc
low vhigh 3 5 med low unacc
low vhigh 3 5 med med acc
low vhigh 3 5 med high acc
low vhigh 3 5 high low unacc
low vhigh 3 5 high med acc
low vhigh 3 5 high high acc
low vhigh 4 2 low low unacc
low vhigh 4 2 low med unacc
low vhigh 4 2 low high unacc
low vhigh 4 2 med low unacc
low vhigh 4 2 med med unacc
low vhigh 4 2 med high unacc
low vhigh 4 2 high low unacc
low vhigh 4 2 high med unacc
low vhigh 4 2 high high unacc
low vhigh 4 4 low low unacc
low vhigh 4 4 low med unacc
low vhigh 4 4 low high acc
low vhigh 4 4 med low unacc
low vhigh 4 4 med med acc
low vhigh 4 4 med high acc
low vhigh 4 4 high low unacc
low vhigh 4 4 high med acc
low vhigh 4 4 high high acc
low vhigh 4 5 low low unacc
low vhigh 4 5 low med unacc
low vhigh 4 5 low high acc
low vhigh 4 5 med low unacc
low vhigh 4 5 med med acc
low vhigh 4 5 med high acc
low vhigh 4 5 high low unacc
low vhigh 4 5 high med acc
low vhigh 4 5 high high acc
low vhigh 5 2 low low unacc
low vhigh 5 2 low med unacc
low vhigh 5 2 low high unacc
low vhigh 5 2 med low unacc
low vhigh 5 2 med med unacc
low vhigh 5 2 med high unacc
low vhigh 5 2 high low unacc
low vhigh 5 2 high med unacc
low vhigh 5 2 high high unacc
low vhigh 5 4 low low unacc
low vhigh 5 4 low med unacc
low vhigh 5 4 low high acc
low vhigh 5 4 med low unacc
low vhigh 5 4 med med acc
low vhigh 5 4 med high acc
low vhigh 5 4 high low unacc
low vhigh 5 4 high med acc
low vhigh 5 4 high high acc
low vhigh 5 5 low low unacc
low vhigh 5 5 low med unacc
low vhigh 5 5 low high acc
low vhigh 5 5 med low unacc
low vhigh 5 5 med med acc
low vhigh 5 5 med high acc
low vhigh 5 5 high low unacc
low vhigh 5 5 high med acc
low vhigh 5 5 high high acc
low high 2 2 low low unacc
low high 2 2 low med unacc
low high 2 2 low high unacc
low high 2 2 med low unacc
low high 2 2 med med unacc
low high 2 2 med high unacc
low high 2 2 high low unacc
low high 2 2 high med unacc
low high 2 2 high high unacc
low high 2 4 low low unacc
low high 2 4 low med acc
low high 2 4 low high acc
low high 2 4 med low unacc
low high 2 4 med med acc
low high 2 4 med high acc
low high 2 4 high low unacc
low high 2 4 high med acc
low high 2 4 high high vgood
low high 2 5 low low unacc
low high 2 5 low med unacc
low high 2 5 low high unacc
low high 2 5 med low unacc
low high 2 5 med med acc
low high 2 5 med high acc
low high 2 5 high low unacc
low high 2 5 high med acc
low high 2 5 high high vgood
low high 3 2 low low unacc
low high 3 2 low med unacc
low high 3 2 low high unacc
low high 3 2 med low unacc
low high 3 2 med med unacc
low high 3 2 med high unacc
low high 3 2 high low unacc
low high 3 2 high med unacc
low high 3 2 high high unacc
low high 3 4 low low unacc
low high 3 4 low med acc
low high 3 4 low high acc
low high 3 4 med low unacc
low high 3 4 med med acc
low high 3 4 med high acc
low high 3 4 high low unacc
low high 3 4 high med acc
low high 3 4 high high vgood
low high 3 5 low low unacc
low high 3 5 low med acc
low high 3 5 low high acc
low high 3 5 med low unacc
low high 3 5 med med acc
low high 3 5 med high vgood
low high 3 5 high low unacc
low high 3 5 high med acc
low high 3 5 high high vgood
low high 4 2 low low unacc
low high 4 2 low med unacc
low high 4 2 low high unacc
low high 4 2 med low unacc
low high 4 2 med med unacc
low high 4 2 med high unacc
low high 4 2 high low unacc
low high 4 2 high med unacc
low high 4 2 high high unacc
low high 4 4 low low unacc
low high 4 4 low med acc
low high 4 4 low high acc
low high 4 4 med low unacc
low high 4 4 med med acc
low high 4 4 med high vgood
low high 4 4 high low unacc
low high 4 4 high med acc
low high 4 4 high high vgood
low high 4 5 low low unacc
low high 4 5 low med acc
low high 4 5 low high acc
low high 4 5 med low unacc
low high 4 5 med med acc
low high 4 5 med high vgood
low high 4 5 high low unacc
low high 4 5 high med acc
low high 4 5 high high vgood
low high 5 2 low low unacc
low high 5 2 low med unacc
low high 5 2 low high unacc
low high 5 2 med low unacc
low high 5 2 med med unacc
low high 5 2 med high unacc
low high 5 2 high low unacc
low high 5 2 high med unacc
low high 5 2 high high unacc
low high 5 4 low low unacc
low high 5 4 low med acc
low high 5 4 low high acc
low high 5 4 med low unacc
low high 5 4 med med acc
low high 5 4 med high vgood
low high 5 4 high low unacc
low high 5 4 high med acc
low high 5 4 high high vgood
low high 5 5 low low unacc
low high 5 5 low med acc
low high 5 5 low high acc
low high 5 5 med low unacc
low high 5 5 med med acc
low high 5 5 med high vgood
low high 5 5 high low unacc
low high 5 5 high med acc
low high 5 5 high high vgood
low med 2 2 low low unacc
low med 2 2 low med unacc
low med 2 2 low high unacc
low med 2 2 med low unacc
low med 2 2 med med unacc
low med 2 2 med high unacc
low med 2 2 high low unacc
low med 2 2 high med unacc
low med 2 2 high high unacc
low med 2 4 low low unacc
low med 2 4 low med acc
low med 2 4 low high good
low med 2 4 med low unacc
low med 2 4 med med acc
low med 2 4 med high good
low med 2 4 high low unacc
low med 2 4 high med good
low med 2 4 high high vgood
low med 2 5 low low unacc
low med 2 5 low med unacc
low med 2 5 low high unacc
low med 2 5 med low unacc
low med 2 5 med med acc
low med 2 5 med high good
low med 2 5 high low unacc
low med 2 5 high med good
low med 2 5 high high vgood
low med 3 2 low low unacc
low med 3 2 low med unacc
low med 3 2 low high unacc
low med 3 2 med low unacc
low med 3 2 med med unacc
low med 3 2 med high unacc
low med 3 2 high low unacc
low med 3 2 high med unacc
low med 3 2 high high unacc
low med 3 4 low low unacc
low med 3 4 low med acc
low med 3 4 low high good
low med 3 4 med low unacc
low med 3 4 med med acc
low med 3 4 med high good
low med 3 4 high low unacc
low med 3 4 high med good
low med 3 4 high high vgood
low med 3 5 low low unacc
low med 3 5 low med acc
low med 3 5 low high good
low med 3 5 med low unacc
low med 3 5 med med good
low med 3 5 med high vgood
low med 3 5 high low unacc
low med 3 5 high med good
low med 3 5 high high vgood
low med 4 2 low low unacc
low med 4 2 low med unacc
low med 4 2 low high unacc
low med 4 2 med low unacc
low med 4 2 med med unacc
low med 4 2 med high unacc
low med 4 2 high low unacc
low med 4 2 high med unacc
low med 4 2 high high unacc
low med 4 4 low low unacc
low med 4 4 low med acc
low med 4 4 low high good
low med 4 4 med low unacc
low med 4 4 med med good
low med 4 4 med high vgood
low med 4 4 high low unacc
low med 4 4 high med good
low med 4 4 high high vgood
low med 4 5 low low unacc
low med 4 5 low med acc
low med 4 5 low high good
low med 4 5 med low unacc
low med 4 5 med med good
low med 4 5 med high vgood
low med 4 5 high low unacc
low med 4 5 high med good
low med 4 5 high high vgood
low med 5 2 low low unacc
low med 5 2 low med unacc
low med 5 2 low high unacc
low med 5 2 med low unacc
low med 5 2 med med unacc
low med 5 2 med high unacc
low med 5 2 high low unacc
low med 5 2 high med unacc
low med 5 2 high high unacc
low med 5 4 low low unacc
low med 5 4 low med acc
low med 5 4 low high good
low med 5 4 med low unacc
low med 5 4 med med good
low med 5 4 med high vgood
low med 5 4 high low unacc
low med 5 4 high med good
low med 5 4 high high vgood
low med 5 5 low low unacc
low med 5 5 low med acc
low med 5 5 low high good
low med 5 5 med low unacc
low med 5 5 med med good
low med 5 5 med high vgood
low med 5 5 high low unacc
low med 5 5 high med good
low med 5 5 high high vgood
low low 2 2 low low unacc
low low 2 2 low med unacc
low low 2 2 low high unacc
low low 2 2 med low unacc
low low 2 2 med med unacc
low low 2 2 med high unacc
low low 2 2 high low unacc
low low 2 2 high med unacc
low low 2 2 high high unacc
low low 2 4 low low unacc
low low 2 4 low med acc
low low 2 4 low high good
low low 2 4 med low unacc
low low 2 4 med med acc
low low 2 4 med high good
low low 2 4 high low unacc
low low 2 4 high med good
low low 2 4 high high vgood
low low 2 5 low low unacc
low low 2 5 low med unacc
low low 2 5 low high unacc
low low 2 5 med low unacc
low low 2 5 med med acc
low low 2 5 med high good
low low 2 5 high low unacc
low low 2 5 high med good
low low 2 5 high high vgood
low low 3 2 low low unacc
low low 3 2 low med unacc
low low 3 2 low high unacc
low low 3 2 med low unacc
low low 3 2 med med unacc
low low 3 2 med high unacc
low low 3 2 high low unacc
low low 3 2 high med unacc
low low 3 2 high high unacc
low low 3 4 low low unacc
low low 3 4 low med acc
low low 3 4 low high good
low low 3 4 med low unacc
low low 3 4 med med acc
low low 3 4 med high good
low low 3 4 high low unacc
low low 3 4 high med good
low low 3 4 high high vgood
low low 3 5 low low unacc
low low 3 5 low med acc
low low 3 5 low high good
low low 3 5 med low unacc
low low 3 5 med med good
low low 3 5 med high vgood
low low 3 5 high low unacc
low low 3 5 high med good
low low 3 5 high high vgood
low low 4 2 low low unacc
low low 4 2 low med unacc
low low 4 2 low high unacc
low low 4 2 med low unacc
low low 4 2 med med unacc
low low 4 2 med high unacc
low low 4 2 high low unacc
low low 4 2 high med unacc
low low 4 2 high high unacc
low low 4 4 low low unacc
low low 4 4 low med acc
low low 4 4 low high good
low low 4 4 med low unacc
low low 4 4 med med good
low low 4 4 med high vgood
low low 4 4 high low unacc
low low 4 4 high med good
low low 4 4 high high vgood
low low 4 5 low low unacc
low low 4 5 low med acc
low low 4 5 low high good
low low 4 5 med low unacc
low low 4 5 med med good
low low 4 5 med high vgood
low low 4 5 high low unacc
low low 4 5 high med good
low low 4 5 high high vgood
low low 5 2 low low unacc
low low 5 2 low med unacc
low low 5 2 low high unacc
low low 5 2 med low unacc
low low 5 2 med med unacc
low low 5 2 med high unacc
low low 5 2 high low unacc
low low 5 2 high med unacc
low low 5 2 high high unacc
low low 5 4 low low unacc
low low 5 4 low med acc
low low 5 4 low high good
low low 5 4 med low unacc
low low 5 4 med med good
low low 5 4 med high vgood
low low 5 4 high low unacc
low low 5 4 high med good
low low 5 4 high high vgood
low low 5 5 low low unacc
low low 5 5 low med acc
low low 5 5 low high good
low low 5 5 med low unacc
low low 5 5 med med good
low low 5 5 med high vgood
low low 5 5 high low unacc
low low 5 5 high med good
low low 5 5 high high vgood